Added prelease warning (#111)
nuxt-community/google-fonts-module: docs/content/en/setup.md

  </code-block>
</code-group>

>**Warning**

> When using Nuxt 3 and/or Nuxt Bridge ensure you're using the prelease version `@nuxtjs/google-fonts@prerelease`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Nuxt 3 and/or Nuxt Bridge ensure you're using the pre-release version `@nuxtjs/google-fonts@prerelease`.
```

</code-group>

>**Warning**
When using Nuxt 3 and/or Nuxt Bridge ensure you're using the prerelease version `@nuxtjs/google-fonts@prerelease`.

> Then, add `@nuxtjs/google-fonts` to the `buildModules` section of `nuxt.config.js`:

Reviewer: Nuxt3 does no longer differentiate _modules_:

```suggestion
Then, add `@nuxtjs/google-fonts` to the `modules` section of `nuxt.config.js`:
```

Reviewer: hmm I can't do it properly as a suggestion, I think this should also go under 'nuxt3 warning' section.
